Getting-started guide: Linked to AWS docs and did a tech writer review (#672)
kubeflow/website: content/docs/started/getting-started.md

+++
title = "Getting Started with Kubeflow"
description = "Get your machine-learning workflow up and running on Kubeflow"
weight = 1
+++

> There are various ways to install Kubeflow. Choose one of the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are various ways to install Kubeflow. Choose one of the following options
```

> to suit your environment (cloud, on premises (on prem) or local):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to suit your environment (cloud, on premises (on prem), or local):
```

* If you want to run Kubernetes locally in a virtual machine (VM), choose one of 
  the following options:

   * [MiniKF setup](/docs/started/getting-started-minikf/)
      * MiniKF is a fast and easy way to get started with Kubeflow.
      * It installs with just two commands and then you are up for
	      experimentation, and for running complete Kubeflow Pipelines.
      * MiniKF runs on all major operating systems (Linux, macOS, Windows).

   * [Minikube setup](/docs/started/getting-started-minikube/)
      * Minikube uses virtualization applications like 
        [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) or [VMware
        Fusion](https://www.vmware.com/products/fusion.html) to host the VM
	      and provides a CLI that you can use outside the VM.
      * Minikube defines a fully-baked
       [ISO image](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_image) that contains a
        minimal operating system and Kubernetes already installed.
      * This option may be useful if you are just starting to learn and already
	      have one of the virtualization applications installed.

   * [MicroK8s setup](/docs/started/getting-started-multipass/)

>       * The benefits of using [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) include the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) can provide the following benefits:
```

>         following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>           - A small, fast, secure, single node Kubernetes that installs on any

Reviewer: Perhaps say "single node Kubernetes pod" or "single node Kubernetes configuration"?

Author: Done

            Linux system as a [snap](https://snapcraft.io/microk8s).
          - Strong isolation and update semantics - your cluster
            is updated within a short period after upstream Kubernetes
            releases.

>           - Built-in support for enabling an already-installed GPU:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - Built-in support to enable an installed GPU:
```

Reviewer: Minor changes to simplify the statement.
